Texas Imperial Software is proud to announce version 3.24 of its basic FTP
server product, WFTPD Server for Microsoft Windows.

As an FTP server, WFTPD Server allows you to turn your Internet-connected 
Windows computer into an FTP site, accessible to anyone you choose.  WFTPD 
Server was the first standalone Winsock-compliant FTP server to be released 
for Windows, and with this release continues its reputation for stability, 
security, and speed. In addition, we continually extend its feature set to 
include new commands and behaviours defined by the IETF "FTP extensions" 
working group.

WFTPD Server's user base is well into the tens of thousands, and since we
never charge for maintenance or support, the only way we can make money is 
to sell a product that is easy to use and does not break.  We achieve this 
by writing code with as little complexity as possible.  This approach 
results in the additional benefit that the software is fast, and small.

Since WFTPD Server is an RFC-compliant FTP server, there are many features 
of it that you can rely on being available - upload and download of files, 
directory listings, support for active and passive data connections, ASCII 
and binary/image transfer modes, etc.  In addition, we offer security 
through a user and password database (separate from the NT user database, 
for greater security of your NT users); configurable logging of commands, 
warnings, logins, etc; security measures as specified in RFC 2577; 
restriction of access by IP address and domain name; "chroot jail" - 
restriction of a user to a directory subtree; frequent internal code reviews 
and attack simulation; use of long path names on Win32 even when short paths 
are provided.

Ease of use comes from an interface that logically separates configuration 
information; on-line help for all aspects of the software; text log files; 
configurable messages displayed to users on initial connection, logout and 
directory change; support for the IETF draft commands MLST and MLSD; 'magic 
cookies' - sequences in messages to be replaced by items such as the 
client's username, the current time, available disk space, etc.

There are many more features and advantages to WFTPD Server than can be described 
in this short announcement; additionally, many of our users are interested 
in even more power, functionality and control, that we can provide them with 
our "big brother" to WFTPD Server, WFTPD Pro Servre.  For further details on 
WFTPD Server and WFTPD Pro Server, or for registration instructions and support, 
please visit our web site at http://www.wftpd.com/
